This directory contains scripts to create testing certificates 
needed to secure Cybels Analytics deployement.

In general, you should use certificates issued by self-signed certificate 
authority for testinq purpose only.
We suggest to use real certificates for production environment. 

To make a set of default (i.e. test) certificates, simply type:

$ ./create-cert-for-cybels-analytics.sh

The command will be run against the configuration files included 
here, and will make a self-signed certificate authority
(i.e. root CA), and a set of certificates under "platform_certs" directory.

Note that the command will NOT over-write your existing "platform_certs" 
directory, which means that if you want to create again your 
certificates you need to delete files under this directory.

You can customize certificate fiels for your purpose by editing 
the followings configuration files. 

ROOT CERTIFICATE

$ vi root-ca.cnf

  Edit the [certificate_authority] section to have the correct values
  for your country, state, etc.

SERVER CERTIFICATE

$ vi node.template

  Edit this file to have the correct values for your DN 
  country, state, etc. Be sure that the commonName field (CN) is not set as
  it is generated by the script.

$ vi node.list

  Edit this file to list node name and their IP adress to genarate 
  certificate. Simply add node name and IP adress separate by a semicolon (;)

  node name and IP adress separate by a semicolon (;) 

Warning : By default, all keystore are generated with the same password.
If you want to generate a new password for each keystore you have to change 
in create-cert-for-cybels-analytics.sh script the value of use_simple_password to false
